Glory to Ukraine as the ancient magi
gathered in temples and created magic like this.
And today at this anti-drone temple,
for your donations, we are handing over 10
systems for interception and detection of kamikaze drones to the front so that the Urks in
their places of deployment are directly from
where they release the first drones. It has
already happened to all of us  front And they showed themselves
Excellent, and now they asked for even more and
we collected 10 Огромное спасибо
to all those who help us from other countries
friendship, all these 10
systems in order for there to be more
dorks more
more your
dollar your euro your hryvnia works
for victory don't stop and donate to
the fund Volunteers of Podillia will convert your
currency into ripped orch asses